hello everyone with you folks supreme whim and
Today I decided to make a video at
essential and important for every girl
body i'm sure that each of you was
a similar occasion you walk all night
somewhere in the club dance all the legs
danced you left to sleep only
a couple of hours but in the morning you need to look
fresh and brightly beautiful and that feeling
that you slept all 10 hours and very
rested here and so today I am with you
share my secrets as i do
your face fresh blooming and rested
after sleepless nights advice is very
simple nothing special assistants
materials only so that at home you can
repeat mask data and data
sekretiki so let's rather
proceed and so my first way is how
I bring my face in order after
sleepless night is ice and ice can be
absolutely any standard clean
water so from different ravak injury i
for example, I love ice from chamomile ice
made very simple infused tea in
within 15 minutes of two sachets
chamomile and then i freeze this tea in
freezer also add a little bit
Chamomile to have such a scrub effect
get ordinary gum which
then in the morning as soon as i wake up i
I spend on the whole face doing a kind
tonic and so the face wakes up
really wake up eyes
open cleaned and bags under
eyes
so remedy number one try
ice on your face by the way this
remedy is also good not only after
sleepless nights but also on a daily basis
I honestly lazy every day
do a similar procedure actually
it is very bad if you want to follow
behind your face and don't spend much on it
time use a similar tool
cheap remedy every day and you
see the result daisy in my case
very well soothes the face very
tones him well you can use
ordinary black tea is also very healthy
removes puffiness puffiness we move
to my next secret how i die
puffiness after sleepless nights for me
personally, this is the main problem
he told me, in principle, a person who is very
easily and quickly swells if I drink on
night of water then right in the morning I will see such
swollen eyes so I know how with
puffiness fight with a bang and so my
the most important secret is frozen
grated potatoes
what am i doing i just do my usual middle
I rub potatoes and on a fine grater
it turns out puree with potato juice
then I put this potato again in
freezer for not waiting until it becomes
in the ice need to make it just
froze slightly and covered with hoarfrost
she will be very very cold but not
is experienced on your face as soon as you
put this gruel on your face
it will melt a little and it will be real
pleasant sensations of cold on your face
if you maintain this mask roughly
15-20 minutes, you will see the first face
freshened up with him really normal
human will be the complexion and second
swelling go away I guarantee you a hundred
percent what after ice potatoes
swelling goes away very well at all when
I put my face in order after
sleepless night i always use cold
this is the best remedy so
almost all my secrets will be
include cryotherapy peculiar
the next secret is no exception you know
that cucumber masks are very good for
faces
This is a standard picture when a girl
in front of 2 cucumbers what am I doing to me
really like just cutting cucumbers on
round rings impose on the face they are not
they lie drained from the face and in principle from
and they do not leave any juice only
pervosti first few seconds
what am i doing with a cleaning knife
Potatoes make cucumber slices
very thin stripes are obtained from
cucumbers who give the maximum
your juice and very cool fall on your face
before making a mask of them i
put again in the freezer but already
about 5 minutes so they
almost freeze only
gotten the maximum cold otherwise be
It hurts your face when you put them on
the counter
especially here these are the places under the eyes
highly
lived perceived cold but after
you put cucumbers on everything
all face and lie down
until they cool off
they will already be at room temperature
you will see that your face is really
opened and really shines and this
very cool overall in principle for that
to maintain the beauty of the face so
take that mask on a note
Well, of course this mask is unreal
cool tool to lead
in order
your face after a sleepless night next
The secret of a beautiful face 4 is not only
secret beautiful face well secret in general in
principle to your immunity and your
good health pay him
special attention if I rarely need
tidy myself up
feeling tidy up be it
sleepless night whether bowls of immunity
I almost get sick I make myself
an injection of vitamin c I do not imagine I certainly
help my close relatives but vitamin c
in ampoules
saves a bang in general in principle if you
you know that you are not in any way
you can not get sick
either you want to improve your beckon
that's going to do a course of vitamin c
about 10 days two weeks ok
will be
smoke vitamin c umbilical with a regular syringe
vitamin c is sold in all pharmacies
free access is much better
option than just like drinking fizzy
vitamin c tablets
if we return to the topic of our video
if we bring our face and our
body in order after sleepless night
this is a great option as you can
eat currants and you can eat
orange mane rue
new field of vitamin c of course
the concentration of this vitamin is much higher
naturally if you work it out
intramuscular it acts much
much faster
and here we need only the fastest
measures and we bring our face the most
quick ways to order and last
my fifth tip after all of you
they all made it injected
done the masks lay down rested
cryotherapy you have all over your face
necessarily
be sure to wash your face
cold water and moisten and
face must use a moisturizer
cream in general water all over the head I always
it said and I will always say it
you must drink some water
throughout the day regardless of
you walked and at night in the club or not walked
In this case, if you have not slept all
sleep only a few hours
Of course you need to restore your
water balance therefore by drink water and
decide and balance on your face
moisturize your face with a good moisturizer
cream nourishing cremation is less
degrees will help therefore i insist
so that the cream was exclusively moisturizing
so the fifth secret as you see is very
simple just drink a little more
water as much as you wallow and
be sure to moisten your lichku give
he needs a drink too
moisture
these are my personal five secrets like
restore your face after sleepless
nights
believe me if you make all five in the morning
steps then you will see your face
you will really be reciprocated and
will look 100 percent on
this positive note I am with you today
I'll say goodbye
Like this video you tell me what
do you want to see similar videos in
the future but we still have to
see you next video bye bye